feat(sdk): DSP-417 - Code flow port configurable (#1903)
opentdf/platform: docs/Configuring.md

| `auth.dpopskew`         | The amount of time drift allowed between when the client generated a dpop proof and the server time.          | `1h`    | OPENTDF_SERVER_AUTH                  |
| `auth.skew`             | The amount of time drift allowed between a tokens `exp` claim and the server time.                            | `1m`    | OPENTDF_SERVER_AUTH_SKEW             |
| `auth.public_client_id` | The oidc client id. This is leveraged by otdfctl.                                                             |         | OPENTDF_SERVER_AUTH_PUBLIC_CLIENT_ID |

> | `auth.code_flow_port`   | The port used to perform oidc code flow authorization. This is leveraged by otdfctl.                          | `9000`  | OPENTDF_SERVER_AUTH_CODE_FLOW_PORT   |

Reviewer: We should probably associate this new value's name with the `public_client`. I think we should also forgo calling it out for the code flow specifically because it's intended to be allowlisted in the idP as a valid `redirectUri` but not specifically coupled to one Oauth flow.

Lastly, I think consuming PEPs like `otdfctl` may choose to default to 9000, but it seems like a potential footgun to default the config value as it could result in a case where the `.well-known` reports that there is a valid local port that is not in fact valid or allowlisted.

```suggestion
| `auth.public_client_local_port`   | The localhost port added to the idP as a valid redirectUri for the public_client_id. This is leveraged by otdfctl.                          |   | OPENTDF_SERVER_AUTH_PUBLIC_CLIENT_LOCAL_PORT   |
```

Does all that make sense, or do you disagree with any of it?

Author: Yes, I believe the changes make sense. 

I debated on making the port default to 9000 for that reason, but I believe it's probably better to let the consumer decide how they want to handle a missing value and not have our code make assumptions on how the admin setup the platform.
